[[!meta copyright="Copyright © 2021 Software in the Public Interest, Inc."]]
[[!meta license="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported"]]

# Board meeting, June 22nd, 2021

__Board members present__

* Michael Schultheiss (schultmc) (President)
* Stephen Frost (Snow-Man) (Vice-President)
* Tim Potter (tpot) (Secretary)
* Joe Conway (jconway)
* Forrest Fleming (fsf)
* Milan Kupcevic (milan)
* Chris Lamb (lamby)

__Board members partially present__

* None

__Board members absent with regrets__

* None

__Board members absent__

* Martin Zobel-Helas (zobel) (Treasurer)
* Héctor Orón Martínez (zumbi)

__Registered guests present__

* None

These are the minutes for the June 22nd, 2021 SPI Board Meeting,
held at 20:00 UTC in #spi on irc.spi-inc.org.
[LOG](../../../logs/2021/2021-06-22-log.txt).

## President's Report

<pre>
Continued thanks to SPI Vice President, Stephen Frost, for handling
contracting with SPI's contractors. Stephen continues to do a
fantastic job working with our contractors and legal counsel.

The SPI board met three times over the week following the May IRC
board meeting via video conference in lieu of its standard annual in
person meeting. Good progress on outstanding tasks was made during the
meetings.
</pre>

Stephen Frost presented a Vice-President's Report:

<pre>
We've made good progress on the RT migration- a test system has been
stood up through our agreement with Best Practical and the board and
users are actively testing the system to make sure that everything
looks good.

We anticipate being able to migrate over to it in a couple of weeks.
This should significantly reduce the issues which folks have had with
the system in the past and ensure it is properly maintained moving
forward.  We are also in the final stages of getting a new IT
contractor set up to work with the other systems we currently run.

We've been able to get good guideance from counsel regarding issues
such as GDPR- some of that has already been fed back to our
contractors who are working to provide information to our projects
regarding donations.  We hope to be able to un-block some of those
requests in relatively short order to allow our projects the insight
that they've been after.  We are also going to continue to work with
counsel to form a good answer to GDPR requirements.  We will be
sharing that with projects once SPI itself has addressed the big
items.
</pre>

## Treasurer's report

Report presented by Michael Schultheiss on behalf of Martin Zobel-Helas.

<pre>
The SPI treasury team is continuing to process requests and is
striving for more timely ticket handling. The backlog is being
processed but if there are any board members who would like to assist
with treasury tasks, additional help is always welcome.
</pre>

## Secretary's report

<pre>
I'm catching up on various tasks, updating the website etc. I believe
there are a few outstanding resolutions to be added.

I will be sending out an invitation for people to apply for two board
positions as schultmc and Snow-Man's terms are expiring in july.
</pre>

## Vote On Minutes For Previous Meetings

Voting was not performed for inquorate meetings on 4/12 2021 and 6/14
2021 since no business was discussed.

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday April 26th 2021

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Abstain</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passes with 6 yes, 0 no and 1 abstain.

### Vote on minutes for meeting Monday May 10th 2021

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passes with 7 yes, 0 no.

## Items up for discussion

### Vote on accepting GeekBeacon as an SPI associated project

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passes with 7 yes, 0 no.

### Vote on removing OpenWrt as an associated project

OpenWrt has joined the Software Freedom Conservancy.

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passes with 7 yes, 0 no.

### Vote on removing Performance Co-Pilot as an associated project

PCP has joined OpenCollective.

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passes with 7 yes, 0 no.

### Vote on adding Adélie Linux as an associated project

<table>
  <tr><td>Joe Conway</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Forrest Fleming</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Milan Kupcevic</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Chris Lamb</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Tim Potter</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

Vote passes with 7 yes, 0 no.

### OpenWrt Trademark Counsel

It was agreed over email that we would waive any conflict in having
the same counsel to handle trademark reassigment for OpenWrt moving to
the Software Freedom Conservancy.

### SPI Legal Counsel

Discussion deferred to a later date.

### Directors and Officers Insurance

Our insurance broker contacted us regarding our policy up for renewal
in August. They informed us that due to industry changes, there will
likely be a double digit increase in the premium cost. Just letting
the board know - we should definitely continue to have D&O insurance.

## Any other business

There was no other business.

## Appendix A: Current Board Membership

<table>
<thead>
<tr><th>Last elected</th><th>Name</th><th>Role</th></tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Michael Schultheiss</td><td>President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2018</td><td>Stephen Frost</td><td>Vice President</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Martin Zobel-Helas</td><td>Treasurer</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Timothy Potter</td><td>Secretary</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2020</td><td>Joe Conway</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Forrest Fleming</td></tr>
<tr><td>April 2021</td><td>Milan Kupcevic (interim)</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Chris Lamb</td></tr>
<tr><td>July 2019</td><td>Héctor Orón Martínez</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
